# finance-agent
the agent for all your finance (prediction markets only for now)

only demo mode works for now. in this mode there are no live links to kalshi and the others, no real time graphs, and not even real bets. all of this is based on simulations. the reason for this is kalshi, polymarket and draft kings are banned in india, and i kept getting nsfw balkan ads when using my free vpn extension. 

all of the values of the market positions, holdings, depth are in the mock_data.py and mock_history. you can change the values in there and see how the ai ratings change. they dont change much, thats probably because the pricing multiplier is probably set lower than it should be, but iwanted to have all the working features working for the demo.

portfolio health - an overall overview of the portfolio. gives a score out of 100 and notes issues related to the bets. this is probably the most barebones feature right now. future plans for it include a detailed pi chart breakdown of the score, good aspects of bets and bad, and a prediction on wheter the porfolio will go up or down in different intervals of time. kinda like those graph in those stock market app that go "bearish", "neutral", "bullish" and have these 3 colored arrows that go in different directions.

arbitrage oppurtunities - looks at your protfolio and uses ai to search similar bets on other markets such as polymarket of draft kings. clicking them gives all the information regarding price, gap, market cap, volatility, ai price rating, and a graph for momentum analysis and market beahvior for both. future plans include adding an auto buy/sell button that buys the cheaper yes of one and the cheaper no of the other, and obviously linking the buttons with the corresponding page once i figure the api out. probably the most useful feature right now but i have no idea how to improve it. perhaps the stakeholders could provide an idea.

open positions - looks at current open positions and gives all the stats along with  ai ratings and overviews of the concepts and the fundamentals along with historical pricing data. not much to say here, this is the most basic part. future plans just inclue hooking it up with the api and make all the clickable buttons work.

chrome extension - the most agent-like feature of all. on a open kalshi tab it runs a very quick and sparse analysis of the bet in real time and gives ratings, price to buy at, under/overpriced. only works for simulated kalshi pages again because of the vpn issue. but i have no doubt i will get it working. future plans include a link to the main app where the more powerful ai can run a more detailed analysis of the bet with all the fundamentals.

future feature idea in development - prediction buckets - a very agentic implementation of basicaaly stock buckets but for prediction markets, but also done with ai. think of it like an s&p500 but all the 500 are decided by ai and are also small cap prediction markets! sounds like hell but this will be a real test of signal processing by ai models to see if they can beat the volatility and randomness of small cap predictions better than humans. theoretically they should but we'll have to see. the ai will make a bucket of 15 markets, with stakes in their corresponding market caps, and every 2 days update the bucket with new percentages and sell off the difference. this will also be a great use of the agentic architecture as the ai will be fed the logs of its previous bucket making decisions as it has to update accordingly. it cannot just find a new better prediction and sell off all the stock of another prediction. it will be far smoother and everchanging, just like the s&p. this is where the agentic ai will be good.
but the main difference between the s&p is that not the top market cap bets will be picked, rather an assortment of random but still top 0.1% market cap bets will be chosen based on the ai's discretion.

so yeah this is all thats been done till now you can check out the code and the screenshots.
